The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
The book is in front of the table.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
He drank life before spitting it out.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
A glittering gem is not enough.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
So long and thanks for the fish.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
Greetings from the real universe.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
This is a Japanese doll.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.